Add new documentation to raise AWS support case (#2931)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/how-to-escalate-to-AWS-support.html.md

---
owner_slack: "#govuk-developers"

> title: How to escalate things to AWS support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to raise a support ticket with AWS
```

> section: Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section: AWS
```

It looks like this should get the doc under the [AWS section](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual.html#aws) (see source/manual/govuk-in-aws.html.md).

layout: manual_layout
type: learn
parent: "/manual.html"
---

Sign in to the AWS Management Console.

`gds aws <command> -l`

> Where `<command>` maps to an AWS account and IAM role you have permissions to assume into.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `<command>` maps to an AWS account and IAM role you have permissions to assume into. This should be the AWS account that the problem is associated with e.g. `govuk-production-poweruser`.
```
